What's the matter, Mr. Wu?
The Food and Drug Administration and the Health Bureau suddenly came to check the factory
If some of our places are checked
There's bound to be a big problem, you deal with it first
I'll figure it out.
Something big happened to Mr. Wu
The bank just called
comprehensive replacement
We don't have a penny on our books now.
Wu General Market sold off our stock in large quantities
Now our share price has fallen by the limit
Director, go and see
Who the hell are you?
Who Am I?
How did you beat my wife earlier?
How can I get my wife back?
Don't deceive too much
You go too far.
This sentence should be what I said
Since you are shameless
Don't blame me
Mr. Wu
The last scene of being beaten up in the toilet
Posted online by the whole network
Is the public opinion against us now?
you
Admit my mistake and make my wife pay it back tenfold
I can let you go